Mobile app testing checklist will give you answers to these questions:
1. Installation on devices/OS
Is your app installing correctly on different mobile devices’ OS (Google's Android, Apple's iOS, Windows phone, etc.) and OS versions?

2. Installation from stores
Is your app installing the same if it is downloaded from different stores, like App store, iTunes, Google Play or Android Market?

3. Wi-Fi and data networks
Does your app work correctly on computer network and on wireless networks?

4. Offline condition
What will happen to the app when there is no Internet connection or when airplane mode is turned on?

5. Call interruption
What will happen when a phone call interrupts your app installing or running?

6. SMS interruption

What will happen when an incoming message interrupts your app operating?

7. Phone restart interruption
What will happen when mobile phone restarting interrupts your app running?

8. Low battery
How does your application respond to a low battery pop-up notification when it is running?

9. Low memory
How your application responds to a low memory pop-up notification?

10. Screen rotation
Does your app react to changes in the device’s orientation from vertical to horizontal, and vice versa, with its corresponding portrait or landscape page orientation?

11. Location
Is the location identified correctly if your app integrates with any location based services? Is it working properly on both data and wireless networks?

12. Pictures
Are your images, photos or icons stretched, pixelated or deformed in any other way? Are they uploading well?

13. Social media
Are the privacy policy and notifications set properly, if your app integrates with social networks and allows users to use their accounts to login?

14. Performance
What is the minimum configuration needed for the app to run appropriately? Does your app hamper other apps?

15. Security
Does your app have any vulnerabilities in the form of malvertising or any other cyberthreats? Is it secured against them?
